and in that seat in Brazil that in 76 with 147
a compact that became famous for
dimensions of space in having a large
fitch needed to find a successor
up and decided and even Italy to
get your new car the beginning
there is only the single hospital version
the lines of the European model
only with a difference the steppe inside
of the engine compartment that has been
sung by fia to change the suspension
to know the terrain
Brazilian obstacle to the steppe part is
one of the main technical changes in
compartment with the revolution
Truth in Brazil has hit both the class
high class middle class button
got too expensive for his kids not
carry provoked an economy with
Security at first that
rejection to get accustomed to
this champions to testify was passing this
confidence for the population and even
today when it is not the cars are sold
for all classes
in 1993 comes to the electronic version and
four-door body option
the big news is the ignition system
digital
a year later the lx version
more luxurious on the 2002 line was the turn of
flip fire with your new 55
horses and finally is from 2004
who is the Un is now having his second
Practical surgery to head the fire engine with
fire engine
there was even here sales have studied the
undersized motor walls
mentioned lep economic engine and
agility and performance although with little
cylindrical only of displacement innovating
even more throw it in the hey it 's a car
with high attention suspension
reinforced and the side skirts give a
impression of pensions is
Robust high tension and fell in taste
of the population and we do not continue to have
problem is so high that it is
managing to meet piece of paper today
and all those years puno maintains the same
advantages of its economic beginnings
cheap to buy and maintain and in the
time of sale not give headache
the car is highly valued at
Brazilian market
all this the listening of his great legion
of fans
moreover, the excellent attribute that the
car offers among the strong items is
economical is excellent easy finishing
maintenance, all in perfect condition.
harmony with the history and identity of
Brazilian market that is passionate about
popular cars
one has always had his doctors despite the
of the super finish is one of the
most wanted cars for those who need it
of a cheap car
the biggest emotion of those who buy a car
in him today is he going to sell
he sees how much the car is valued not
It's 11 even these days we have
also to think about income power and a
one mille is without a shadow of gordon
most valued in the market
with low price of space parts
easy maintenance and great offer
the mille so much always for who is
buying your first car or for
who searches for a second a third
family vehicle
the complete law in fairy with air
conditioning power steering windows
electric power locks
so the car that is not even close to it
one of the strongest points of this car in
my opinion is something be the car
very robust wheel extradition does not
has problem and very cheap maintenance